Pro
evaluation and
iect
programme
management
When you have completed this chapter
you will be able to:
$ describe the contents of a typical
business plan;
* explain project portfolio
managemenu
rt cârry out an evaluation and
selection of projects against
strategic, technical and economic
criteria;
S use a variety of cost-benefit
evaluation techn iques for choosing
among competi ng project proposals;
* evaluate the business risk involved
in a project;
ù explain how individual projects can
be grouped into programmes;
* explain how the implementation of
programmes and projects can be
managed so that the planned
benefits are achieved.
N. ourcrruEs
-l-hu first that many developers hear of an ICT project is when they are allocated to the
I project team. However, new projects do not appear out of thin air. There will be some
process - varying in sophistication between organizations - that decides that the project is
worth doing.
As we saw in Chapter 1, sometimes managers justify a commitment to a single project
as the benefits will exceed the costs of the implementation and operation of the new
application. ln other cases/ managers would not approve a project on its own, but can see
that it enables the fulfilment of strategic objectives when combined with other projects.


Thus a project to establish an ICT infrastructure within an organization might not deliver
a direct financial benefit, but could provide a platform for subsequent projects to do so.
It might not be possible to measure the benefits of a project in financial terms. lf you
create a iystem which allows the more accurate recording of data concerning the medical
conditíon of patients, it might contribute to the alleviation of pain and the preservatìon of
life, but it would be difficult to put a money value on these.
The last chapter emphasized that an ICT or software project needed a business case.
ln this chapter we explain what such a document might contain. A business case may be
presented for several potential projects, but there may be money or staff time for only
some of the projects. Managers need some way of deciding which projects to select. This
is part of portfolio managemenf. This chapter will discuss some ways in which projects
can be evaluated and compared for inclusion in a project portfolio. The chapter finishes
by discussing the way groups of projects which together contribute to a common business
objective can be managed as programmes of projects'
rganizations may have different titles such as a feasibility
study or a project justification for what we call the business
case. lts objective is to provide a rationale for the project by
showing that the benefits of the project outcomes will exceed
the costs of development, implementatíon and operation (or
production).
Typically a busíness case document might contain:
1 lntroduction and background to the proposal
2 The proposed project
3 The market
4 Organizational and operational infrastructure
5 The benefits
6 Outline implementation Plan
./ LOSTS
B The financial case
9 Risks
10 Management plan
These sections will be now be described in more detail
lntroduction and background
This ís a description of the current envíronment of the proposed project, A problem to be
solved or an opportunity to be exploited is identified.

The proposed proiect
A brief outline of the proposed project is provided
The market
This is needed when the project is to create new product or a new service
capability. This would contain information like the estimated demand for
the product or service and any likely competitors.
Organizational and operat¡onal infrastructure
This describes how the structure of the organization will be affected by the
implementation of the project. This is of most relevance where the project
is implementing or modifying an information system as part of a broader business change
project. lt would also be relevant if a tailored production or distribution system has to be
set up when a new product is designed.
Benefits
Where possible, a financial value should be put on the benefits of the implemented
project. For commercial organizations this could be related to increased profits caused
either by increasing income or by making savings on costs. For not-for-profit organizations
we would try to quantify the benefits even if we cannot quote a precise financial value.
ln an example we used earlier relating to an lT system that improved the diagnosis of a
particular disease, an increase in the rate of diagnosis might be quoted,
0utline implementation plan
ln addition to the ICT aspects of the project, activities such as marketing, promotion
and operational and maintenance infrastructures need to be considered. One
consideration will be which project activities can be outsourced, and which are best
kept in-house.
This will also detail the management of the implementation. The responsibilities are
allocated for the tasks identified in the outline implementation plan. Key decision points
or milestones, where a health-check on the state of the implementation is taken, should be
identified. As we wilI see, for a large implementation a number of projects may be needed
which can be managed as a programme.
Gosts
Having outlined the steps needed to set up the operations needed by the proposal, a
schedule of expected costs associated with the planned approach can now be presented
There will clearly be some uncertainties about some of the costs, especially as the
details of the requirements have not yet been worked out
The financial case
There are a number of ways in which the inforrnation on income and costs can be
analysed and these will be the subject of the section on evaluation techniques later
in this chapter.
Risks
Once again a more detailed discussion of risks will follow in a later section. We note
here that many estimates of costs and, more particularly, benefits of the project will be
speculative at this stage and the section on risl< should take account of this. ln the last
chapter we distinguished betweerr project and business objectives. We can similarly
distirrguislr project risk * relating to threats to successful project execution - from business
risk -_ relating to factors threatening the benefits of the delivered project. ln the business
case the main focus is on business risk.
2.3 Project portfolio management
Ouite a good
introduction to the
concepts of
portfolios can be
found in B. De Reyck
et al. The ímpact of
project portfolio
management on
information
technology projects'
(2005l' lnternational
Journal of Project
Managenent
23524-37.
r ensuring
r ensuring
portfolio prof ect management provides an overview of all the projects
I that an organization is undertaking or ís considering. lt prioritizes the
allocation of resources to projects and decides which new projects should
be accepted and which existing ones should be dropped.
The concerns of pro.iect portfolio management incude:
r identifying which project proposals are worth implementation;
r assessin¡1 the amount of risk of failure that a potential project has;
r deciding how to share limited resources, including staff time ancl
finance, between projects - or-re problem can be that too many projects
are started given the resources available so that inevitably some projects
will miss planned completion dates;
r being aware of the depenclencíes between projects, especially where
several projects neecJ to be completed for an organization to reap
benefits;
that projects do not duplicate work;
that necessary developments have not been inadvertently been missed.
The three key aspects of project portfolio managementare portfolio definitiort, portfolio
management and portfolio optimization. An organization would undertake portfolio
definition before adopting portfolio management and then proceeding to optimization.
Projeet portfolio definition
An organization should record in a single repository details of all current projects.
A decision will be needed about whether projects of all types are to be inclr¡ded. Should

Warren McFarlan,s just ICT projects be included in the repository, or should other proiects -{tdii:;;#;ì;- such as the setting up of a new warehouse also be included? Orre problem
appioachto for many organizations is that projects can be divided into new product
information systems' developmen¿s (NPD) where the project deliverable is a product, such as
Haruard Business a computer game, that is sold to customers, and renewal projects which
ReviewS\(5| 142-50 improve the way an organization operates - informatiorr systems projects
íntroducedthe are often like this. The distinction is not always clear-cut. For example,
,f,t-!-:l^:""it:ltl a new information system coulcl be used to provide a customer service
rnformatr0n svstems. vvv¡v'¡re' such as recording the details of people buying a new insurance product.
NPD projects are often more frequent in organizations which have
a continuous development of new goods and services. Renewal projects m;ry be less
frequent and thus inherently more risky as there is less experience of these types of
project. NPD projects find attracting furrding easier with their clear relationship
between the project and inconre. Where both types of project call upon the same
pools of resources, including finance, the argument for a common portfolio is strong.
Project portfolio management
Once the portfolio has been established, more detailed costings of projects can be
recorded. l-he value that managers hope will be generated by each project can also
be recorded. Actual performance of projects on these performance indicators can then
be tracked. This information can be the basis for the more rigorous screening of new
projects.
Proiect portfolio optimization
The performance of the portfolio can be tracked by high-level managers on a regular
basis. A better balance of projects may be achievecl. Some projects could potentially be
very profitable but could also be risky. lrr the case of an e-commerce site, for example,
sales may not be as great as hoped because established competitors reduce prices. Other
projects could have modest benefits, such as those cutting costs by automating processes,
but have fewer risks. The portfolio ought to have a carefully thoughGout balance between
the two types of project.
Some problems with project portfolio management
An important role of project portfolio management is sharing resources
between projects. l-here can be problems because while apparently
fL¡ll-time staff are allocated to a project, they may effectively be part-time
because they still have routine work to do. This is particularly so with
users, and with developers who may on occasion be callecl away from
project work to deal with support tasks.
The official project portfolio may not accurately reflect orgarrizational
activity if some projects are excludecJ. A formal decisiorr mary be made that
only projects over a certairr level of cost will be recorded in the portfolio.
lnteresting insights
into the practical
problems of
portfolios can
be found in
B. S. Blichfeldt and
P. Eskerod (2008)
'Project portfolio
26 Chapter 2 Project evaluation and programme management
. I he 'below the lirre'projects could in fact consume sul¡stantial staff effort
.1119^s:T:t:. anc] bleed away effort from the official projects. lt can be argued that all
tnere s more ro rr
türî,urrìãr.rì projects should be included in the official portfolio.
enacts, However, there are advantages in allowing tlrese tasks. lt allows
lnternational small ad hoc tasks to tre done, such as qurick fixes to systems to deal with
Journal af Project externally imposed changes. They reduce work for higher management by
Management saving them from having to process a large number of small worl< requests'
26357-65' Devetpers may firrd these small tasks rewarding: dealing with these
small requests is an easy way to keep r-rsers happy. Thus when allocating
resources to projects, a margin should be set to allow first-line managers some judgement
in accepting non-planned work.
2.4 Evaluation of individual pro¡ects
e will now lool< more closely at how the feasibility of an individual project can be Wevaluated.
Any project aiming
at a return on
investment must, as
a minimum, provide
a greater benefit
than putt¡ng that
investment in, say,
a bank.
Technical assessment
Tech¡ical assessment of a proposed system consists of evaluating whether the required
functionality can be achieved with current affordable technologies. Organizational policy,
aimed at providing a consistent hardware/software infrastructure, is likely to limit the
technical solutions considered. The costs of the technology adopted must be tal<en into
account in the cost-benefit analysis.
Gost-benefit analysis
Even where the estimated benefits will exceed the estimated costs, it is
often necessary to decide if the proposed project is the best of several
options. Not all projects can be undertaken at any one time and, in any
case, the most valuable projects should get most resources.
Cost-benefit analysis comprises two steps:
t lclentifying all of the costs and benefits of carrying out the proiect and
operating the clelivered application These include the development
costs, the operating costs and the benefits expected from the new
system. Where the proposed system is a replacement, these estimates should reflect
the change in costs and benefits due to the new system. A new sales order processing
system, for example, could only claim to benefit an organization by the increase ir-l
sales due to the use of the new system.
Expressit'rg, these costs and benefits in common unifs We must express each cost and
benefit - ancl the net benefitwhich is the difference between the two - itr money.
Most clirect costs are easy to quantify in monetary terms and can be categorized as:
The different types of
benefits will be
discussed ín greater
detail in the context 0f
benefits management
later in this chapter.
2.4 Evaluation of individual pro


t development costs, including development staff costs;
. setup cos¿s, consisting of the costs of putting the system into place,
mairrly of any new hardware but also including the costs of file
conversion, recruitment and staff training;
t operational costs relating to operating the system after installation.
f) rightrnouth College is considering the replacenrent of the existing payroll setvice,
I-Doperated by a third party, with a tailorecl, off-the-shelf cornputer-based system. List
some of the costs it might consider under the headings of:
r Development costs
r Setup costs
r Operational costs
List some of the benefits u¡rder the headings:
r Quantified and valued benefits
r Quantified but not vaÌuecl
r Identified but not easily valued
For each cost or benefit, explain how, in principle, it might be measured in monetary terms.
TXERCISE 2.1
Typically products
generate a negative
cash flow during their
development followed by
a positive cash flow over
their operating l¡fe.
There might be
decommissioning
costs at the end of a
product's life.
'The difficulty and
importance of cash flow
forecasting is evidenced
by the number of
companies that suffer
bankruptcy because,
although they are
developing profitable
Gash flow forecasting
As important as estimating the overall costs and benefits ol a project is
producing a cash flow forecast which indicates when expenditure ancl
income will tal<e place (Figure 2.1).
We need to spend money, such as staff wages, durir-rg a project's
development. Such expenditure cannot wait until income is received
(eitlrer from using software developecl in-house use or from selling it).
We need to know that we can fund this developnrent expencliture either
from the company's own resources or by borrowing. A forecast is
needed of when expenditure, such as the payment of salaries, and any
income are to be expected.
Accurate cash flow forecasting is difficult, as it is done early in
the project's life cycle (at least before any sigr-rificant expencliture is
committed) and many items to be estimatecl (particularly

8 Chapter 2 Project evaluation and programme management
4)
E
o
c
OJ
l
.t
c
0., o
x
UJ
Time ---|
FIGURE2.l Typical product life cycle cash flow
products or services,
they cannot sustain an
unplanned negative
cash flow.
When estinrating futr-rre cash flows, it is usual to ignore the effects
of inflation. Forecasts of inflation rates tencl to be uncertain. Moreover,
if experrditr-rre is increased dr"re to inflation it is lilcely that income will
i ncrease proportionately.
2.5 Gost-benefit evaluat¡on techniques
W;trî.::::r1J:.-
at some methods for conrparins projects on the basis of their cash
Table 2.1 illustrates cash flow forecasts for for-¡r projects. ln each case it is assumed that
the cash flows take place at the end of each year. For short-term projects or where there
are significant seasonal cash flow patterns, quarterly, or even monthly, cash flow forecasts
could be appropriate.
Net profit
Tlre net profit of a project is the difference between the total costs and the total income
over the life of the project. Project 2 in lable 2.1 shows the ¡4reatest net prof¡t but this is at
the expense of a large investment. lndeed, il we had f 1m to invest, we might undertake all
of the other three projects and obtain an even greater net ¡rrofit. Note also that all projects
corrtain an element of risk arrd we might not be preparecl to risk f 1m. We shall look at the
effects of risk ¿lnd investment later irr this chapter.
¡-ìonsider the project cash flow estirnates f'or fbur projects at IOE shown in Table 2.1.
L-rNegative values represent expencliture and positive values income.
Rank the fbur projects in orcler of firrarrcial desirability and make a lote of your reasons
f'or ranking therrr in that way befbre reading firrther.
EXERCISE 2.2
Cash flows take
place at the end of
each year. The year
0 represents the
initiâl investment
made at the start of
the pro¡ect.
2.5 Cost-benefit evaluation techniques 29
Moreover, the simple net profit takes no account of the timin¡¡ of
the cash flows. Projects 1 and 3 each have a net profìt of f50,000 and
therefore, according to this selection criterion, would be equally preferable.
The bulk of the income occurs late in the life of project '1, whereas project 3
retlrrns a steady income throughout its life. Having to wait for a return
has the disadvantage that the investment must be funded for longer. Add
to that the fact that, other things being equal, estimates in the more distant
future are less reliable than short-term estimates and we can see that the
two projects are not equally preferable.
Payback per¡od
The payback period is the time taken to break even or pay back the initial irrvestment.
Normally, the project with the shortest payback period will be chosen on the basis that
an organization will wish to minimize the time that a project is 'in debt'.
The advanta¡;e of the payback period is that it is simple to calculate and is not
particularly sensitive to small forecastin¡¡ errors. Its disadvantage as a selection technique is
that it ignores the overall profitability of the project- in fact, it totally ignores any income
(or expenditure) once the project has brol<en even, Thus the fact that projects 2 and 4 are,
overall, more profitable than project 3 is ignored.
0
1
2
3
4
5
Net profit
-100,000
r 0,000
10,000
10,000
20,000
r00,000
50,000
-1,000,000
200,000
200,000
200,000
200,000
300,000
1 00,000
-r00,000
30,000
30,000
30,000
30,000
30.000
50,000
-r 20,000
30,000
30,000
30,000
30,000
75,000
75,000

Return on ¡nvestment
fhe return on investment (ROl), also known as the acco¿tnting rate of return (ARR),
provides a way of comparing the net profitatrility to the investment required. There
are some variations on the formula used to calculate the return on investment but a
straightforward common version is:
OO, _
average annual profit *,OO
total investment
l-he return on investment provides a simple, easy-to-calculate measure of return on
capital. Unfortunately, it sLrffers from two severe disadvar-rtages. Like the net profitab¡l¡ty, it
tal<es no accout"ìt of the timing of the cash flows. More importantly, this rate of return bears
no relationship to the interest rates offered or charged by banks (or any other normal
interest rate) since it takes no account of the timing of the cash flows or of tlre
conrpounding of irrterest. lt is therefore, potentially, very misleading'
Net present value
Tlre calculation of net present valtte is a project evaluation technique that
takes into accour'ìt the profitability of a project and the timing of the cash
flows that are producecl. This is based on the view that receivirrg f 100
today is better than havin¡; to wait until next year to receive it. We could,
for example, invest the f'100 in a bank today ancl have f100 plus the
interest in a year's time. lf we say that the present value o{ f 100 in a
year's tinre is L91 , we me¿ìn that f 100 irr a year's time is the equivalent
of f9'l now.
The equivalence of [9'l now and f 100 in a year's tirne means we
are discounting tlre future income by approximately 10"/". lf we received
f91 now and investecl it for a year at an annual interest rate of 1Ou/", il
would t¡e worth f 100 in a year's time. The annual rate by whiclr we
Net present value
(NPVI and internal
rate of return (lRR)
are collectively
known as
discounted cash
flow (DCFI
techniques.
Note that this
example uses
approximate figures.
¡rìalculating the ROI for project 1, the net profit is f50,000 and the total investment is
L-¡¿ioo.oo0. The return on investment is th.erefore calculated as
on, -
avt¡rag,e annual Profit , roo
total investntent
-
5o'ooo/5 x 1oo = 1o%
100,000
Calculate the ROI for each of the other projects shown in Table 2.1, ancl decide which, on
the basis of this criterion, is the most worthwhile'
EXERCISE 2.4
2.5 Cost-benefit evaluation techniques 3l
discount future earnings is known as the drscount rate - 1O% in the above
example.
Similarly, f100 received in two years'time would have a present value
of approximately fB3 - in other words, f 83 invested at an interest rate of
10% would yield approximately f 100 in two years'time.
The present value of any future cash flow may be obtained by applying the following
formula
Present value =
value in year t
('l + r)t
where r is the discount rate, expressed as a decimal value, and f is the
number of years into the future that the cash flow occurs.
Alternatively, and rather more easily, the present value of a cash flow
may be calculated by multiplying the cash flow by the appropriate
discount factor. A small table of discount factors is given in Table 2.2.
The NPV for a project is obtained by discounting each cash flow (both
negative and positive) and summing the discounted values. lt is normally
assumed that any initial investment takes place immediately (indicated as
year 0) and is not discounted. Later cash flows are normally assumed to
take place at the end of each year and are discounted by the appropriate

take place at the end of each year and are discounted by the appropriate
amount.
0.9524
0.9070
0.8638
0.8221
0.7835
0.7462
0.7107
0.6768
0.0446
0.6r39
0.4810
0.3769
0.2953
0.9434
0.8900
0.8396
0.7921
0.7473
0.7050
0.6651
0.6274
0.5919
0.5584
0.4173
0.3r18
0.2330
0.9259
0.8573
0.7938
0.7350
0.6806
0.6302
0.5835
0.5403
0.5002
0.4632
0.3152
0.2145
0.1460
0.909r
0.8204
0.7513
0.6830
0.6209
0.5645
0.5132
0.4605
0.4241
0.3855
0.2394
0.r486
0.0923
0.8929
0.7972
0.71r8
0.6355
0.5674
0.5066
0.4523
0.4039
0.3806
0.3u0
0.1821
0.1037
0.0588
0.8696
0.756r
0.6575
0.57t8
0.4972
0.4Í123
0.3759
0.3269
0.284Íì
0.2472
0.r229
0.06r1
0.0304



fl,in Table 2.3. The net present value for project 1, using a 7Oo/" discount rate, is
therefore f,618. Using a 1,Oo/o discount rate, calculate the net present values for projects 2,
3 and 4 and decide which, on the basis of this, is the most beneficial to pursue.
0
1
2
3
4
5
-r00,000
10,000
r0,000
r0,000
20,000
100,000
f50,000
r.0000
0.9091
0.8264
0.7513
0.6830
0.6209
NPV: f618
-100,000
9,0sr
8,264
7.513
13,660
62,090
Net Profit
Year Proiect I cash flow (f) Discount factor @ l0%



It is interesting to note that the net present values for projects 1 and 3 are significantly
different-even though they both yield the same net profit and both have the same return
on investment. The difference in NPV reflects the fact that, w¡th project 1, we must wait
longer for the bulk of the income.
The main difficulty with NPV for deciding between projects is selecting an appropriate
discount rate. Some organizations have a standard rate but, where this is not the case,
then the discount rate should be chosen to reflect available interest rates (borrowing
costs where the project must be funded from loans) plus some premium to reflect the
fact that software projects are normally more risky than lending money to a bank. The
exact discount rate is normally less important than ensuring that the same discount rate
is used for all projects being compared. However, ¡t ¡s important to check that the ranking
of projects is not sensitive to small changes in the discount rate - have a look at the
following exercise.
/\ ssuming a 1.Oo/o discount rate, the NPV for project 1 (Table 2.1) would be calculated as
fl,in Table 2.3. The net present value for project 1, using a 7Oo/" discount rate, is
therefore f,618. Using a 1,Oo/o discount rate, calculate the net present values for projects 2,
3 and 4 and decide which, on the basis of this, is the most beneficial to pursue.
0
1
2
3
4
5
-r00,000
10,000
r0,000
r0,000
20,000
100,000
f50,000
r.0000
0.9091
0.8264
0.7513
0.6830
0.6209
NPV: f618
-100,000
9,0sr
8,264
7.513
13,660
62,090
Net Profit
Year Proiect I cash flow (f) Discount factor @ l0% Discounted cash flow {Ê}
TABLE 2.3 Applyìno the discotlnt factors to project 1
EXERCISE 2.5,
l-alculate the net present value for each of the projects A, B and C shown in Table 2.4
L:using each of the discount rates 8o/o,1\o/o and 72o/o'
For each of the discount rates, decide which is the best project. What can you conclud

0
I
2
3
4
5
6
N
-8,000
4,000
4,000
2,000
1.000
500
500
4,000
-8,000
1,000
2,000
4.000
3,000
9,000
-ô,000
5,000
-10,000
2,000
2,000
6,000
2.000
2,000
2,000
6.000
Pruiect A Prciect B (f) P¡oiect C (fl {f)
et Profit


Alternatively, the discount rate can be thought of as a target rate of return. lf, for
example/ we set a target rate of return of 15o/o we would reject any project that did not
display a positive net present value using a 15o/' discount rate. Any project that displayed
a pos¡tive NPV would be considered for selection - perhaps by using an additional set of
criteria where candidate projects were competing for resources.
lnternal rate of return
One disadvantage of NPV as a measure of profitability is that, although it may be used to
compare projects, it might not be directly comparable with earnings from other investments
or the costs of borrowing capital. Such costs are usually quoted as a percentage ¡nterest rate.
The internal rate of return (lRR) attempts to provide a profitability measure as a percentage
return that is directly comparable with interest rates. Thus, a project that showed an
estimated IRR of 10% would be worthwhile if the capital could be borrowed for less than
1Oo/" or if the capital could not be invested elsewhere for a return greater than 10%.
The IRR is calculated as that percentage discount rate that would produce an NPV
of zero.lt is most easily calculated using a spreadsheet or other computer program that
provides functions for calculating the lRR. Microsoft Excel, for example, provides IRR
functions which, provided with an initial guess or seed value (which may be zero), will
search for and return an lRR.
One deficiency of the IRR is that it does not indicate the absolute size of the return.
A project with an NPV of f 100,000 and an IRR of 15olo can be more attractive than one
with an NPV of f 10,000 and an IRR of 1B% - the return on capital is lower but the net
benefits greater.
Another objection to the internal rate of return is that, under certain conditions, it is
possible to find more than one rate that will produce a zero NPV. However, if there are
multiple solutions, it is always appropriate to take the lowest valr"¡e and ignore the others.
NPV and IRR are not, however, a complete answer to economic project evaluation.
34 Chaptet 2 Project evaluation and programme management
r A total evaluatiorl must also tal<e irrto account the problems of funding the cash
flows - will we, for example, be able to repay the interest on any borrowed money
at the appropriate time?
r While a project's IRR might indicate a profitable project, future earnings from a
relatively risky project might be far less reliable than earnings from, say, irrvesting
with a banl<. We might r-rndertake a more detailed risl< analysis as described below.
r We must also consider any one project within the financial and econotric framework
of the organization as a whole - if we fund this one, will we also be able to fund other
worthy projects?
2.6 Risk evaluat¡on
E
very project involves risk. We have already noted that proiect risks, which prevent the
project from being completed successfully, are different from the business risl< that the
deliverecl products are not profitable. Project risl<s will be discussed in Chapter 7' Here
we focus on business risk.
Risk identification and ranking
ln any project evaluation we should identify the risks and quantify their effects. One
approach is to construct a project risl< matrix utilizirrg a checklist of possible risks and
classifying risl<s according to their relative importatrce and lil<elihood. lmportance and
likelihood need to be separately assessecl - we might be less concerned with something
that, althor-rgh serious, is very unlikely to occur than with something less serious that is
almost certain. Table 2.5 illustrates a basic project risk matrix listing some of the business
risks for a project, with their importance and lil<elihood classified as high (l-l), medium (M),
low (L)or exceedingly unlil<ely (-). So that projects may be comparecl, the list of risks
must be the same for each project assessed. lt ¡s lll(ely, in reality, that it would be lorrger
than shown and more precise.
The project risk matrix nray be used as a way of evaluating projects (those with hiSh
risks being less favoured) or as a means of identifying and ranl<ing the risl<s for a specific
project.
Cl¡ent reiects proposed look and feel of site
Competitors undercut prices
Warehouse unable to deal with increased demand
0nline payment has security problems
Maintenance costs higher than estimated
Response times deter Purchasers
H
H
M
M
L
M
M
L
M
L
M
Risk lmportance [ikeli

Risk and net present value
Where a project is relatively risky it is common practice to use a higher discount rate to
calculate net present value. This risk premium might, for example, be an additional 2%
for a reasonably safe project or 5o/o for a fairly risky one. Projects may be categorized as
high, medium or low risk using a scoring method and risk premiums designated for each
category. The premiums, even if arbitrary, províde a consistent method of taking risk into
account.
Cost-benefit analysis
A rather more sophisticated approach to the evaluation of risk is to consider each possible
outcome and estimate the probability of its occurring and the corresponding value of the
outcome. Rather than a single cash flow forecast for a project, we will then have a set
of cash flow forecasts, each with an associated probability of occurring. The value of
the project is then obtained by summing the cost or benefit for each possible outcome
weighted by its corresponding probability. Exercise 2.7 illustrates how this may be done.
p uyRight, a software house, is considering developing a payroll application for use in
I) academic irrstitutions and is currently engaged in a cost-benefit analysis. Study of the
market has shown that, if BuyRight can target it efficiently and no competing products
become available, it will obtain a high level of sales generating an annual income of
f,800,000. It estimates that there is a 1 in 10 chance of this happening, However, a competitor might launch a competing application before its own launch date and then sales
might generate only €100,000 per year. It estimates that there is a 30% chance of this
happening. The most likely outcome, it believes, is somewhere in between these two
extremes - it will gain a market lead by launching before any competing product becomes
available and achieve an annual income of f650,000. BuyRight has therefore calculated its
expected sales income as in Table 2.6,
Sales
80,000
390,000
30,000
500,000
High
Medium
Low
Expected lncome
800,000
650,000
1 00,000
0.r
0.6
0.3
Expected
value (fl
ixp
Annual sales
income El i
Probability
p
TABTE 2.6 BuyRight's ìnconre forecasts
EXERCIS[ 2.7
36 Chapter2 Projectevaluat¡on and programme management
Development costs are estimated at f750,000. Sales levels are expected to be constant
f'or at least four years. Annual costs of marketing and product maintenance are estimated
at f200,000, irrespective of the rnarket sÌrare. Would you advise going ahead with the
project?
This approach is frequently used to evaluate large projects such as the building of
motorways/ where variables such as traffic volumes, and hence the total benefit of
shorter journey times, are uncertain. The technique, of course, relies on being able to
assign probabilities of occurrence to each scenario/ which requires extensive
research.
When used to evaluate a single major project, the cost-benefit approach, by
'averaging out'the negative and positive outcomes of the different scenarios, does
not take full account of 'worst-case scenarios'. Because of this, it is more appropriate for
the evaluation of a portfolio of projects where overall profitability is the primary concern/
more successful projects can offset the impact of less successful ones.
Risk profile analys¡s
An approach which attempts to overcome some of the objections to cost-benefit averaging
is the construction of risk profiles using sensitivity analysis.
This involves varying each of the parameters that affect the project's cost or benefits to
ascertain how sensitive the project's profitability is to each factor. we might, for example,
vary one of our original estimates by plus or minus 5% and recalculate the expected costs
and benefits for the project. By repeating this exercise for each of our estimates in turn we
can evaluate the sensitivity of the project to each factor.
By studying the results of a sensìtivity analysis we can identify those factors that are
most important to the success of the project. We then need to decide whether we can
exercise greater control over them or otherwise mitigate their effects. lf neither is the case,
then we must live with the risk or abandon the project.
Using decision trees
The approaches to risk analysis discussecl previously rather assume that we are passive
bystanders allowing nature to take its own course - the best we can do is to reject
over-risky projects or choose those with the best risk profile. There are many situations,
however, where we can evaluate whether a risk is important and, if it is, decide a suitable
course of action.
Such decisions will limit or affect future options and, at any point, it is important to be
able to assess how a decision will affect the future profitability of the project.
As an example, say a successful company is considering when to replace its sales order
processing system. The decision largely rests upon the rate at which its business expands -
if its market share significantly increases (which it believes will happen if rumours of a

competitor/s imminent bankruptcy are fulfilled) the existing system might need to be
replaced within two years. Not replacing the system in time could be an expensive option
as it could lead to lost revenue if it cannot cope with increased sales. Replacing the system
immediately will, however, be expensive as it will mean deferring other projects already
scherjuled.
It is calculated that extending the existing system will have an NPV of f75,OOO,
although if the market expands significantly, this will be turned into a loss with an NPV
of -f 100,000 due to lost revenue. lf the market does expand, replacing the system now
has an NPV of f 250,000 due to the benefits of being able to handle increased sales
and other benefits such as improved management information. lf sales do not increase,
however, the benefits will be severely reduced and the project will suffer a loss with an
NPV of -f 50,000.
The company estimate the likelihood of the market increasing significantly at 2Oo/o
- and, hence, the probability that it will not increase as B0%. This scenario can be
represented as a tree structure as shown in Figure 2.2.
The analysis of a decision tree consists of evaluating the expected benefit of taking
each path from a decision point (denoted by D in Figure 2.2).The expected value of
each path is the sum of the value of each possible outcome multiplied by its probability
of occurrence. The expected value of extending the system is therefore f40,000
(75,000 x 0.8 - 100,000 x 0.2) and the expected value of replacing the system f 10,000
(250,000 x 0.2 - 50,000 x 0.8). The company should therefore choose the option of
extending the existing system.
NPV (T)
- 100,000
Expansion
0.2
0.8
E No ex
75,000
250,000
Expansion
Replace 0.2
0,8
No expansion
- 50,000
FIGURE 2.2 A decision tree
38 Chapter 2 Project evaluation and programme management
2,1 Ptogtamme management
I t shoulcl now have been made clear that there will be an element of
#ï;iilï, lrisl< wirh any single project. Everr where projects procluce real financial
"',.r;;ä;;;i benefits, rhe precise size of those benefits will often be uncertain at the start
nìuìititoi:lriitu of the project. This makes it important for organizations to take a broad
Management view of all its projects to ensure that while some projects may disappoint,
August 1991. organizational clevelopments overall will generate substantial benefits.
We introduced project portfolios in Section 2.3. We will now examine how
careful management of programmes of projects can provide berrefits. D. C. Ferrrs defined a
progriìmme as'a g¡ottp of projects that are managed in a coordinated wtty to g,ain ber¡efits
that wc¡ulcl not be possible were the projects to be manag,ed independently'.
Programmes can exist in different fornrs, as can be seen below'
Business cycle programmes
The collection of projects that an organization undertakes within a particular planning
cycle has already been discussed under the topic of project portfolios. We have seen that
many organizations have a fixed buclget for ICT clevelopment. Decisions have to be made
about which projects to implement within that budget within the accounting period,
which often coincides with the financial year.
Strategic programmes
Several projects together can implement a single strategy. For example, tlre merging of
two organizations'computer systems coulcl require several projects each dealing with a
particular application area. E¡lch activity could be treated as a distinct project, but would
be coordinated as a programme.
I nf rastructu re prog rammes
Organizations can have various departments which carry out distinct, relatively selfco¡tained, activities. ln a local authority, one department might have responsibilities for
the maintenance of highways, another for refuse collection, and another for education.
These flistinct activities will probably rec¡uire distinct cJatabases ancl information systems.
ln such a situation, the central lCl'function woulcl h;tve resporrsibility for setting up and
maintaining the ICT infrastructure, irrclr-rcling the networl<s, workstations and servers Llpon
whiclr these distinct applications run. ln these circumstances, a infrastructure programme
coulcl refer to tlre activities of identifying a commorr lC'I infrastructure and its
implementation and maitrtenance
Research and development programmes
Truly innovative companies, especially those that are trying to develop new products for
the marl<et, are well aware that projects will vary in terms of their risl< of failr'rre and the
2.8 Managing the allocat¡on of resources with¡n programmes 39
potent¡al returns that they might eventually reap. Some development projects will be
relatively safe, and result in the final planned product, but that product might not be
radically different from existirrg ones on the market. Other projects rnight be extremely
risky, but the end result, if successful, could be a revolutionary
Alan Webb (20011 technological breal<through that meets some pressing but previously
'When project unsatisfied need.
managementdoesnt A successful portfolio would need to be a mixture of ,safe projects,
work' Project with relatively low returns and some riskier projects that might fail, but if
Management -';;';ri';;::;.'
ffiïiilJould senerate handsome profits which will offset the losses 

lnnovative partnerships
Companies sometimes come together to worl< collaboratively on new technologies
in a 'pre-competitive'phase. Separate projects in different organizations need to be
coordinated and this miglrt be done as a programme.
2.8 Managing the allocation of resources within programmes
\ Â /u are now going to examine in more detail programmes where resources have to
V V be shared between concurrent projects. Typically, an ICT department has pools of
particular types of expertise, such as software developers, database designers and networl<
support staff, and these might be called upon to participate in a numl¡er of concurrent
projects.
ln these circumstances, programme managers will have concerns about
The comoarison is the optimal use of specialist staff. l-hese concerns can be contrasted with
based on G. Reiss those of project managers - see Table 2.7.
11gg6l Programne The project managers are said to have an 'impersonal relationship'with
Management resource types because, essentially, they require, for example, a competent
Denystified, systems arralyst and who fills that role does not matter. -fhe programme
Chapman & Hall' manager has a number of individual systems arralysts under his or her
control whose deployment has to be planned.
When a project is planned, at the stage of allocating resources/ programme
management will be involved. Some activities in the project rnight have to be delayed
Many simultaneous projects
Personal relationship w¡th skilled resources
Need to maximize utilization of resources
Projects tend to be similar
One project at a time
lmpersonal relationship wlth resource type
Need to minimize demand for resources
Projects tend to be dissimilar
Programme manager Project manager
TABTE 2.7 Programme managers versus project managsrs
40 Ghapter 2 Project evaluation and programme management
until the requisite technical staff are freed from work on other projects. Where expensive
technical staff are employed fr-rll-time, then you would want to avoid them having short
periods of intense activity interspersed with long periods of idleness, during which they
are still being paid. lt is most economic when the clemand for work is everrly spread from
month to month.
As will be seen in Chapter 9 on monitorirrg and control, when a project is executed
activities can take longer (or sometimes even less time) than planned' Delays can mean
that specialist staff are prevented from moving on to their next project. Hence it can be
seen that programme management needs continually to monitor the progress of projects
ancl the use of resources.
2.9 Strateg¡c programme management
I clifferent form of programme management is where a portfol¡o of projects all
f\contribute to a common objective. Tal<e, for example, a business which carries
out mainterrance work for clients. A custonrer's experience of the organization might be
found to tre very variable and inconsistent. The employee who records the customer's
requirements is different from the people who actually carry out the work and different
agairr from the clerk who cleals with the accounts. Often a customer has to explain to one
company employee a problem that has already been discussed at length with some other
employee. A business objective might be to present a consistent and uniform front to the
client. This objective miglrt require changes to a number of different systems which until
now have been largely self-containe<J. The work to reorganize each
Recall that'GCis indiviclual area could be treated as a separate proiect, coordinated at a
""il#ffi;'" higher levelas a programme.
Government These types of programme are most ofterr needed by large organizations
CoÃrãr."*¡,i.f, which have a large and complicated organizational structure. Covernment
wasformerly departments are typical examples and it is not surprising that the OCC, the
the Central United Kingdom government agency which was responsible (as the CCTA)
Computing and for the introduction of PRINCE2 project management standards, has
Telecommunications clirected its attention to guidelines for effective programme management.
AgencyorCCTA' rhe approach rrow describecl is based on the oCC guidelines.
2.10 Greating a programme
The programme mandate
The OCC envisages that the plarrning of a programme will be triggered by the creation of
an agreed programme mandate. ldeally this slrould be a formal document describing:
r the new services or capabilities the programme should deliver;
r how tlre organization will be improved by use of the new services or capability;
r how the programme fits with corporate goals and any other irritiatives.
2.10 Creating a programme 41
At this point, a programme director ought to be appointed to provide initial leadership
for the programme. To be successful, the programme needs a champion who is in a
prominent position within the organization. This will signal the seriousness with which
the organization takes the programme.
The progamme brief
A programme brief is now produced which outlines the business case for the programme,
It will have sections setting out:
r a preliminary vísion statementwhich describes the new capacity that the organization
seeks - it is described as 'preliminary'because this will later be elaborated;
r the benefits that the programme should create - including when they are likely to be
generated and how they might be measured;
r risks and issues;
r estimated costs, timescales and effort.
The vision statement
The programme brief should give the sponsors enough information to decide whether to
request a more detailed definition of the programme. This stage would justify the setting up
of a small team. A programme manager with day-to-day responsibility for the programme
would be appointed.
This group takes the vision statement from the project brief and refines and exp

it. lt should describe in detail the new capability that the programme will give the
organization. lf estimates for costs, performance and service levels cannot be provided,
then there should at least be an indication of how they might be measured; for example,
one might be able to say that repeat business will be increased, even if the precise size ol
the increase cannot be provided.
The blueprint
The achievement of the improved capability described in the vision statement can come
only through changes to the structure and operations of the organization. These are
detailed in the blueprint. This should contain:
r business models outlining the new processes required;
r organizational structure - including the numbers of staff required in the new systems
and the skills they will need;
r the information systems, equipment and other, non-staff, resources that will be needed'
r data and information requirements;
r costs, performance and service level requirements.
To return to the example of the organization which wants to present a consistent
interface to its customers: while this aspiration might be stated in the vision statement, the
42 Chapter2 Project evaluation and programme management
way that it is to be achieved would have to be stated in the blueprint' This might, for
example, suggest:
r the appointment of 'account managers'who could act as a point of contact for the
client throughout their business transact¡ons with the company;
r a common computer interface allowing the account manager to have access to all the
information relating to a particular client or job, regardless of the computer system from
which it originates.
The blueprint is supportedby benefit profiles which estimate when the expected
benefits will be experienced following implementation of the enhanced capability. One
principle is that a programme should deliver tangible benefits. Being provided with a
capability does not guarantee that it will be used to obtain the benefits envisaged. For
example. as a part of the programme above, the marketing department might be provided
with sales and demographic informatíon which allows them to target potential customers
more accurately. This should improve the ratio of sales revenue to advertising costs.
However, just because this information is available does not mean that the marketing staff
will necessarily make effective use of it. Hence the need for evidence of actual business
benefits. The timing of the benefits needs to be carefully considered. Thus marketing
campaigns that target particular customers might take time to plan and organize and the
benefits in increased sales and/or lower advertising costs could take some months to
become apparent.
The management structure needed to drive this programme forward would also need
to be planned and organized.
A preliminary list of the projects needed to achieve the programme objectives will be


program me sponsors
A major risk is that some of those whose work will be affected by
the programme wíll not be drawn into the programme effective lv.A
stakeholder map identifying the Sroups of people with an interest in the
project and its outcomes and their particular interests could be drawn up.
This can be used to write a communications strategy and plan showing
how the appropriate information flows between stakeholders can be set
up and maintained.
We noted back in Chapter 1 that with conventional project planning, it is not usually
possible to plan all the phases of a project at the outset, as much of the information
needed to produce the detailed plans will not be available. This is more so with
programmes. However, at the initial proSramme planning stage, a preliminary plan
can be produced containing:
r the project portfolio;
r cost estimates for each Projec!
r the benefits expected (including the appropriate benefits profile);
¡ risks identified;
I the resources needed to manage, support and monitor the programme.
2.1I Aids to programme management 43
This information allows a financial plan to be created. This enables higher management
to put ¡n place the budget arrangements to meet the expected costs at identified points in
time. These will be tied to points in the programme when higher management review
progress and authorize further expenditure.
Dependency diagrams
There will often be physical and technical dependencies between projects. For example,
a project to relocate staff from one building to another cannot start until the project to
construct the new building has been completed. Dependency diagrams, which are very
similar to activity networks at project level, can show these dependencies. However,
where projects run concurrently in a programme and products interchange, the
dependency diagrams could become quite complicated.
Figure 2.3 shows a dependency diagram for a programme to merge two organizations,
the constituent parts of which are explained below
A Systems study/desìgn A project is carried out which examines the various existing
lT applications in the two old organizations, analyses their functionality, and makes
recommendations about how they are to be combined.
B Corporate image design lndependently of Project A, this project is
designíng the corporate image for the new organization. This would
include design of the new logo to be put on company documents.
C Build common systems Once Project A has been completed, work can
be triggered on the construction of the new common ICT applications.
D Relocate E Training
offices
F Data
common migration
systems
A System C Build
study/design
G lmplement
corporate
interface
B Corporate
image design
F|GURE2.3 An example of a dependency diagram
44 Chapter2 Projectevaluat¡on and programme management
D Re/ocate offices This is the project that plans and carries out the physical co-location
of the staff in the two former organizations. ln this scenario, this has to wait until
the completion of Project A because that project has examined how the two sets of
applications for the previous organizations could be brought together, and this has
repercussions on the departmental structure of the new merged organization.
E Training Once staff have been brought together, perhaps with some staff being made
redundant, training in the use of the new systems can begin,
F Data migration When the neq joint, applications have been developed and staff have
been trained in their use, data can be migrated from existing databases to the new
consol idated database.
C tmplement corporate interface Before the new applications can 'go live', the interfaces,
including the documentation generated for external customers, must be modified to
conform to the new company image,
Delivery planning
The creation of a delivery deperrdency diagram would typically lead to the definition of
tranches of projects. A tranche is a group of projects that will deliver their products as one
step in the programme. The projects in a tranche should combine to provide a coherent
new capability or set of benefits for the client. A consideration in scheduling a tranche
will be the need to avoid contention for scarce resources.
Figure 2.4 shows how the programme's portfolio of projects can be organized into


Tranche 1 Tranche 2 Tranche 3
Project A
Project F
Benefìt
delivery
Benefìt
delivery
Benefit
delivery
Project E
Project D
Project C
Project B
Project G


e initiated by the writing of project briefs, defining the scope and objectives of
each project.
2.12 Some reservations about programme managêment
Qome writers on project management have expressed reservations about the way
Jthey see the ideas of programme management being presentecl. lt is argued that
approaches lil<e the one we have described above focus on structure - for example,
who reports to whom * at the expense of process - for example, the basis on which
decisions are made.
The main concern is that the programme may be seen as some kind of 'super-project'.
This could lead to two problems: first, that programme management may exert an
unnecessary control over the subordinate projects, leading to bureaucratic obstruction.
The second is that programmes should be seen as the means by which the objectives of
the business are converted into action at the level of projects. The business environment is
constantly changing and as a consequence programmes need to evolve and be modified
during the course of their execution. lf the super-project idea predominates then too much
planning at the beginning plus a reluctance to change the scope of the programme may
lead to inflexibility.
As we have seen in the case of the company merger programme/ the projects within a
programme may be very different from one another. Also, some programmes - for example
where engineering integration is important - may need to be quite tightly coordinated,
whereas other programmes could afford a more flexible regime.
The main lessons here seem to [re:
r programme management is notsimply a scaled-up project managemenu
r clifferent forms of programme management may be appropriate for different types of
project.
2.13 Benefits management
Thomas K. Landauer
(1995) I/re Trouble
with Conputers:
Usefulness,
Usability and
Productivity,MlT
Press, explores the
issues of the
'productivity
paradox'in lT.
\ Â /" have already noted that providing a capability does not guarantee
V V that the capability will be used to cleliver the planned benefits.
Businesses have t¡ecome aware of the lack of evidence of some
investments in ICT increasing the productivity of organizations. Even
with business process re-eng,ineering (BPR), the radical reorganization
of businesses to deliver improvements in efficiency and effectiveness,
there are many reported cases where the expected benefits have not
materialized.
Benefits management is an attempt to remedy this. lt errcompasses the
identification, optimization and trackirrg of the expected benefits from a
business change in orcler to ensure that they are actually achieved.
46 Ghapter 2 Proiect evaluation and programme management
To do this, you must:
r define the expected benefits from the programme;
r analyse the balance between costs and benefits;
r plan how the benefits will be achieved and measured;
r allocate responsibilities for the successful delivery of the benefits;
r monitor the realization of the benefits.
Benefits can be of many different types, including;
t Mandatory compliance Covernmental or European legislation might make certain
changes mandatory.
t Quatity of service An insurance company, for example, might want to settle claims by
customers more quicklY.
t Productivity The same/ or even more/ work can be done at less cost in staff time.
t More motivated workforce This might be because of an improved
rewards system, or through job enlargement or job enrichment.
t lnternal management benefits (for instance, better decision making)
To take an insurance example again, better analysis of insurance
claims could pinpoint those categories of business which are
most risky and allow an insurance company to adjust premiums to
cover this.
r Risk reduction The insurance example might also be applicable here, but measures to
protect an organization's networks and databases from intrusion and external malicious
attack would be even more pertinent'
t Economy The reduction of costs, other than those related to staff - procurement
policies might be put in place which encourage the consolidation of purchasing in
order to take advantage of bulk-buying at discount.
t Revenue enhancement/acceleration The sooner bills reach customers, the sooner they
can pay them.
t Strategic /it A change might not directly benefit a particular group withirr the
organization but has to be made in order to obtain some strategic advantage for the
organization as a whole.
A change could have more than one of these types of benefit. ln fact, benefits are
often inter-linked. An example of this is an insurance company which introduced a
facility whereby when settling claims for damage to property, they directly arranged for
contractors to carry out the remedial work. This improved quality of service for customers
as it saved them the trouble of locating a reputable contractor, reduced costs to the
insurance company because they could take advantage of the bulk purchase of services,
and improved staff morale because of the goodwill generated between the insurance
company's front-line staff and the customer


uantifying benefits
We have already seen that benefits can be:
r quantified and valued - that is, a direct financial benefit is experienced;
r quantified but not valued - for example, a decrease in the number of customer
complaints;
¡ identified but not easily quantified - for example, public approval of the organization
in the locality where it is based.
A particular activity might also have disbenefits. For example, increased sales might mean
that more money has to be spent on expensive overtime working.
There can be controversy over a whether a business change will lead to the particular
benefits claimed for it, for example that a new company logo will improve staff morale.
Some key tests have been suggested in order to sound out whether a putative benefit is
likely to be genuine:
r Can you explain in precise terms why this benefit should result from this business
change?
r Can you identify the ways in which we will be able to see the consequences of this
benefit?
r lf the required outcomes do occur, can they be attributed dírectly to the change, or
could other factors explain them?
r ls there any way in which the benefits can be measured?
We mentioned earlier the need for benefit profiles that estimate when and how benefits
wíll be experienced. Specific staff have to be allocated responsibility for ensuring that the
planned benefits actually materialize. These will often be business change managers.
Benefits cannot normally be monitored in a purely project environment because the
project will almost certainly have been officially closed before the benefits start to filter
through.
ln our view, benefits management brings to the fore the powerful idea that developers
and users are jointly responsible for ensuring the delivery of the benefits of projects.
Some of the key points in this chapter are:
r Projects must be evaluated on strategic, technical and economic grounds.
r Many projects are not justifiable on their own, but are as part of a broader programme
of projects that implement an organization's strategy.
r Not all benefits can be precisely quantified in financial values.
r Economic assessment involves the identification of all costs and income over the
lifetime of the system, including its development and operation and checking that
the total value of benefits exceeds total expenditure.
48 Chaptor2 Projectevaluation and programme management
r Money received in the future is worth less than the same amount of money in hand
noq which may be invested to earn interest'
r The uncertainty surrounding estimates of future returns lowers their real value
measured now.
¡ Discounted cash flow techniques may be used to evaluate the present value of future
cash flows taking account of interest rates and uncertainty.
I Cost-benefit analysis techniques and decision trees provide tools for evaluating
expected outcomes and choosing between alternative strategies.
1 ldentily the major risks that could affect the success of the Brightmouth College payroll
project and try to rank them in order of importance.
2 Explain why díscounted cash flow techniques provide better criteria for project
selection than net profit or return on investment'
3 An insurance company has examined the way that it settles house insurance claims.
It decides to introduce a new computer-based claims settlement system which will
reduce the time taken to settle claims. This reduction in effort is partly achieved
by enabling the claims clerk to obtain the information needed directly, rather than
having to go through other departments. Also, as part of the new process/ new repair
work will be allocated by the insurance company to authorized builders, decorators,
plumbers etc., rather than the claimant having to make arrangements to 8et estimates
and so on.
a Explain the possible benefits and disbenefits that might be generated by this
application. Note that the benefits could come under the following headings:
Mandatory compliance
Quality of service
Productivity
More motivated workforce
lnternal management benefits
Risk reduction
Economy
Revenue en hancemenVacceleratíon
Strategic fit
How could the actual benefit be assessed in each case?
b When the application is implemented, some of the claims staff at the insurance
company complain about the additional stress of dealing with irate customers
grumbling about tradespeople being slow to do repair work or about poor quality
workmanship. Also, in some places there are shortages of qualified repair people
leading to delays in getting work done.
Which projected benefits are being affected by these developments?
How would you dealwith these problems?
How would you assess your success in dealing with these problems?



An overuiew
of proiect
planning
When you have completed this chapter
you will be able to:
* approach project planning in an
organ ized step-by-step manner;
* see where the techniques described
in other chapters fit into an overall
planning approach;
+ repeat the planníng process in more
detail for sets of activities within a
project as the time comes to execute
them.
N; oatrcrtvEs
Jhis chapter describes a framework of basic steps in project planning upon which the
I following chapters build, Many different techniques can be used in project planning
and this chapter gives an overview of the points at which these techniques can be applied
during project planníng, Chapter 4 will illustrate how different projects may need dífferent
technical approaches, but the overall framework should always apply to
the planning process.
The framework described is called the Step Wise method to help to
distinguish it from other methods such as PRINCE2. PRINCE2 is a set of
project management standards that were originally sponsored by what
is now the Office of Covernment Commerce (OCC) for use on British
government ICT and business change projects. The standards are now also
widely used on non-government projects in the United Kingdom. Step Wise
49
50 Chapter 3 An overview of proiect planning
. should be compatible with PRINCE2. lt should be noted, however, that
,oåp.ï#äån* Srep Wise covers only the planning stages of a project and not monitoring
-Jrtr¡lr åU"Jiir.,r and control.
pRlNCE2approach. ln order to illustrate the Step Wise approach and how it might have to
be adapted to deal with d¡fferent circumstances, two parallel examples are
used. Let us assume that there are two former Computing and lnformation Systems students
who now have several years of software development experience under their belts.
J) rigette has been working for the Management Services department of a local
lJ aùhority when she sees an advertisement for the position of Information Systems
Development Officer at Brightmouth College, She is attracted to the idea of being her own
boss, working in a relatively small organization and helping them to set up appropriate
information systems from scratch. She applies for the job and gets it' One of the first
tasks that confronts her is the implementation of independent payroll processing' (This
scenario has already been used as the basis of some examples in Chapter 1.)
/\ manda works for International Ofñce Equipment (IOE), which assembles, supplies,
-fa,installs and services various items of high-technology ofñce equipment. An
expanding area of their work is the maintenance of ICT equipment. They have now
started to undertake maintenance of equipment of which they were not the original
suppliers. An existing application built by the in-house ICT department allows sales
staff to input and generate invoices for completed work. A large organization might have
to call ooi IOn several times during a month to deal with problems with equipment. Each
month a batch run of the system generates monthìy statements for customers so that only
one payment a month needs to be made. The management of IOE would like to provide
a service where for a single annual payment customers would get foee servicing and
problem resolution for a pre-specified set of equipment. Amanda has been given her first
project management role, the task of implementing this extension to the IOE maintenance
jobs billing system.
The enhanced application will need a means of recording the details of the items
of equipment to be covered by a customer's annual maintenance contract. The annual
fee wili depend on the numbers of each type of equipment item that is to be covered.
Even though the jobs done under this contract will not be charged for, the work will be
recorded to allow for an analysis of costs and the profitability of each customer and
each type of equipment. This will provide information which will allow IOE to set
CASE STUDY EXAMPLE A: A BRIGHTMOUTH COLLEGE PAYROLL o
CASE STUDY EXAMPLE B: INTERNATIONAL OFFICE EOUIPMENT ANNUAL
MAINTENANCE CONTRACTS o
3.1 lntroductíon to Step Wise

ln Table 3.1 we outline the general approach that might be taken to planning these
projects. Figure 3.1 provides an outl¡ne of the main planning activities. Steps 1 and 2
'ldentify project scope and objectives'and 'ldentify project infrastructure'could be
tackled in parallel in some cases. Steps 5 and 6 will need to be repeated for each
activity in the project.
8. RevieM
publicize plan 9, Execute plan
7. Allocate
resources
10. Lower{evel
planning
6. ldentify activity
risks
5. Estimate effort
for each act¡vity Lowerlevel
detail
Review
4. ldentiû, the
products and
activitíes
3. Analyse project
characteristics
2. ldentiñ/ project
¡nfrastructure
1. ldentifo project
scope and
objectives
0. Select project
For
each
activity
I
I
I
tI


Step Activities within step
0
I
Select proiect
ldentify project scope and obiectives
1.1 ldentify obiectives and measures of effectiveness in meeting them
1.2 Establish a pro¡ectauthority
1.3 ldentifystakeholders
1.4 Modify obiectives ¡n the light of stakeholder analysis
1.5 Establish methods of communication wlth all parties
ld ent¡fy pro¡ect inf rastructure
2.1 Establish relationship betvvsen proiect and strategic planning
2.2 ldentify installation standards and procedures
2.3 ldentify proiectteam organization
Analyse project characteristics
3,1 Distinguìsh the pro¡ect as either objective- or product-driven
3.2 Analyse other project character¡st¡cs
3.3 ldentify high-level proiect risks
3.4 Take into accountuser requirements concerning implementation
3.5 Select general life-cycle approach
3.6 Review overall resource est¡mates
ldentify proiect products and act¡vit¡es
4.1 ldentify and describe proiect products (including quality criteria)
4.2 Documentgeneric productflows
4.3 Recognizeproduct¡nstances
4.4 Produce ideal activity netr¡vork
4.5 Modify ideal to take into account need for stages and checkpoints
Est¡mate effortfor each activity
5.1 Carry out bottom-up estimates
5.2 Revise plan to create controllable acl¡vit¡es
ldentify activity risks
6.1 ldentify and quant¡fy activ¡ty-based risks
6.2 Plan risk reduction and contingency measures where appropr¡ate
6.3 Adjust plans and est¡mates to tako account 0f r¡sks
Allocate resources
7.1 ldentify and allocate resources
7.2 Revise plans and estimates to take account of resource constra ints
Review/publicize plan
8.1 Review quality aspects of proiect plan
8.2 Documentplans and obtain agreement
Execute plan/lower levels of planning
2
3
4
5
6
7
I
9/10
This may require the reiteration of the planning process at a lower level
TA8[E 3.1 An outline of Step Wise planning activities
52 Chapter 3 An overview of proiect planning
A major principle of project planning is to plan in outline first and then in more detail
as the time to carry out an activity approaches. Hence the lists of products and activities
that are the result of Step 4 will be reviewed when the tasks connected with a particular
phase of a pro.iect are considered in more detail. This will be followed by a more detailed
iteration of Steps 5 to I for the phase under consideration'
3.3 Step 1: ldentify project scope and objectives 53
3.2 Step 0: Select pro¡ect
Chaorer2has Jhis is called Step 0 because in a way it is outside the main project
,läoi'ii*rr*o I planning process. Proposed projects do not appear out of thin air -
thesé issues in some process must decide to initiate this project rather than some other.
some detail. While a feasibility stucly miglrt suggest that there is a business case for the
project, it woulcl still need to be established that it should have priority
over other projects. This evaluation of the merits of projects coLrlcl be part of project
portfolio management.
3.3 Step 1: ldentify proiect scope and obiectives
-fh* activities in this step ensure that allthe parties to tlre project agree on the
I objectives and are comnritted to the success of tlre project. We have already
looked at the importance of the correct definition of oLrjectives in Chapter 1 .
Step 1.1: ldentify objectives and pract¡cal measures of the effectiveness in
meeting those objectives
tT,h" project objectives for the Brightmouth College payroll project have already been
I discussed in Exercise 1.8,
Amanda at IOE has the objectives clearly laid down for her in the recommendations
of a business case I'eport which have been accepted by IOE management. The main
objectives are to allow:
¡ details of annual maintenance cont-racts to be recorded;
r cletails of maintenance work covered by these contracts to be recorded;
r analysis of costs to be carried out so that the optimal level of maintenance contract
fees may be identified;
r recording of job requests and notification of jobs to engineers via mobile phones.
Other objectives are laid down that refer to expected timescales and the resources that
might be used.
Step 1.2: Establish a pro¡ect authority

e have already rroted in Chapter 1 that a single overall project ar,rthority rreecls to be
establishecl so that there is urrity of purpose among all those corrcernecl.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: PR0JECT 0BJECTIVES o
54 Chapter 3 An overview of project planning
Step 1.3: Stakeholder analys¡s - identify all stakeholders in the proiect and
their interests
Recall that this was the basis of a discr-¡ssion in Chapter 1. Essentially all the parties
who have an irrterest in the project need to be identified. ln that chapter we listed as
an example the stal<eholders in the Brightmouth College payroll project.
lri :,
ns: :*, ::T A ilîîT*fi 'Xi ii: îö ::ä::lJiïîi îf ü iåä'"iÏi
*
we use caprtallze0
initial letters to clirection of the project. She is a little concerned as the equipment
indicate a term that maintenance staff are organizecl with different sections dealing with
has a precise different types of equipment. This means that a customer could
meaning in the have work done by several different sections. Not all the sections
PRINCE2 standards. are represented on the Project Board and Amanda is aware that
e.g. Project Board. there ãre some differences of opinion between some sections. It is
left to the user representatives on the board to resolve those
dift'ere¡ces and to present an agreed policy to the systems developers'
Brigette finds that effectively she has two different clients for the payroll system: the
finance and human resources clepartments. To help resolve conflicts, it is agreed that the
managets of both departments should attend a monthly meeting with the vice-principal
which Brigette has arranged in order to steer the project'
step 1.4: Modify objectives in the light of stakeholder analys¡s
ln order to gain the full cooperation of all concernecl, it might be necessary
to rnoclify the project objectives. This could mearl adding new features
to the system which give a benefit to some stal<eholclers as a means of
assuri¡rg their conrmitment to tlre project. Ihis is potentially darrgerous as
the system size may be increasecl arrd the original objectives obscurecl.
Because of these clangers, it is su¡4gested that this process be done
consciously and in a controlled manner'
Compare this with
the 'Theory W'of
Boehm and Ross
mentioned in
Chapter 1.
I Ä 7hat important stakeholders outside the IOE organization might be considered irl the
V V ""r" oi,ftu tor annual mainterrance contracts system?
EXERCISE 3.1
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: PR0JECT AUTH0RIÏlES o
3.4 Step 2: ldentìfy project ¡nfrastructure 55
tTthu IOE maintenance stalÏ are to be given the extra task of entering clata about
I completed jobs. As no crrstomer charges are generated by visits under annual
rnaintenance contracts, engineers may feel that completing cost details is unnecessary
bureaucracy, and start to do this in a careless ancl inaccurate nanner. To give some
benefit to the engineers, the system is to be extendecl to reorder spare parts automatically
when required. It will also automatically capture timesheet details which previously had
to be completecl by hancl.
At Brightmouth College, the human resources department has a lot of work preparing
payroll details for finance. It would be tactlìrl to agree to proch.rce some management
information reports for human resources frorn the payroll cletails held on the compr-rter.
Step 1.5: Establish methods of communication with all parties
For internal staff this should be fairly straightforwarcl, br-rt a project leader implementing a
payroll system would need to find a contact point with BACS (Banl<ers Automated 

3.4 Step 2: ldentify pro¡ect infrastructure
proiects ¿ìre never c¿rrried out in a v¿ìcuum.l'here is usually some l<incl of existirrg
I infrastructure into which the project mr-rst fit. Where project m¿ìnagers ;rre new to the
organization, they must find or"rt the precise n¿lture of this ilrfrastrr-rctrrre. This cor-rld bet the
c¿rse where tlre project manager works for an or¡tside organization carrying or-rt the work
for a client.
B. lyer and
R. Gotttieb (2004)
'The Four-Domain
Architecture: an
approach to
support enterprise
architecture design'
IBM Systems
Journal 4313l. 587-97
provides a good
introductíon to
enterprise
architecture
c0ncepts.
Step 2.1: ldentify relationship between the project and
strateg¡c planning
We s¿rw in Chapter 2 how project portfolio rnan¿ìgeffìent supported
the selectiorr of the projects to be carriecJ out by irn orgtrrrization. Also,
how prclgramame rÌìanagÉ-rment can ensLrre that a group of projects
<:ontribute to a comrnon or¡;anizational strategy. 1'here is also a
technical frarlreworl< within which the proposecl rrew systems are to
fit. H¿rrdware arrd software standarcls, for example, are needecl sci that
varior¡s systems can conlmunicate with each other. 1-hese technical
strategic decisions shoulci be clocur-nented as part of an enterprise
;trchitecture process. Cornpliance with the enterprise architecture shor-rld
ensure that successive lCl-projects create software ancl other components
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: M0DIFIED PR0JECT 0BJECTIVES o
56 ChapterS An overview of project planning
compatible with those created by previous projects and also with the existing harclware
¿nd software platiorms.
/\ manda finds at IOE that there is a well-defined rolling strategic plan which has
.fa,identified her annual maintenance contracts subsystem as an important required
development. Because it is an extension of an existing system, the
Enterprise Resource hardware and software platforms upon which the application are
Planning {ERP} to run are dictated'
systems are Brigette at Brightmouth College finds that there is an overall
integrated software College strategic plan which clescribes new courses to be
applicat'rons usually developed, ancl so on, and mentions in passing the need for
acquired as off-theshelf packages that .appropriate
administrative procedures' to be in place' There
;ñ;ä;#;iii; is a recommendation in a co¡rsultant's report concerning the
cusr'mizati0n. implications of financial autonomy that independent payroll
They integrate processing be implemented as just one module in an ERP system
all the standard which would covel all the college's financial processing needs.
financial and trading Although the college has quite a lot of ICT equipment for teaching
applications purposes, there is no machine set aside for payroll processing and
common t0 most the intention is that the hardware to rtrn the payroll will be
busrnesses. - acqr.rired at the same time as the software.
Step 2.2: ldentify installation standards and procedures
See discussion of Any organization that develops software shoulcl clefine their development
,f,'" fiõtrËi: iäirä ¡rroceclures. As a minimum, the normal sta¡ies in the softw¿rre life cycle to
,";;;;i; lre carried out shoulcl be documenteclalon¡4 with the products created at
Chapter 1. each stage.
Ch;tng,e control and config,ur¿ttion ntanagement standards should be
in place to ensure that changes to requirernents ¿ìre irn¡llemerrtecl in a safe
and orclerly way.
SeeChaptergon -l-lre procedural standards may lay dowrr the quality checks that need to
monitoring and be done at each point of the project life cycle or these may be documented
control' in a separate c¡uality stancl¿trds and prctcedtLres nralrual.
1-lre organizatior.r, ;ts part of its monitoring ancl control policy, may
have a tneasuremeut prog¡amme in place which dictates that certain statistics lrave to
be collectecl at various stages of a pro.iect.
Firrally the project man¿ìger shoulcl be aware of any project planning and control
standards.l-hese will relate to how the ¡:roject is controlled:for example, the way that
the hours spent by team menrbers on indiviclual tasl<s are rec-orcled on timesheets.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: R0LE 0F EXISTING STRATEGIC PLANS o
3.4 Step 2: ldentify project infrastructure 57
I manda at IOE finds that there is a very weighty volume of development standards
I \which, among other things, specifies that a specific structured systems analysis and
design method be used. She finds that a separate document has been prepared which lays
down quality procedures. This specifies when the reviews of work will be carried out
and describes detailed procedures governing how the reviews are to be done. Amanda
also finds a set of project nranagement guidelines modelled on PRINCE2.
Brigette finds no documents of tìe nature that Amanda found at IOE except for some
handouts for stuclents that have been produced by different lecturers at different times
and which seem to contradict each other.
As a stop-gap measure, Brigette writes a brief document which states what the main
stages of a 'project' (perhaps 'job for the user' would be a better term in this contextJ
should be. This happens to be very similar to the list given in Chapter 1. She stresses
that:
r no job of work to change a system or implement a new one is to be done without
there being a detailed specification fir'st;
r the users must record agreement to each specification in writing before the work is
carried out.
She clraws up a simple procedure for recording all changes to user requirements.
Brigette, of course, has no organizational quality procedures, but she dictates that
each person in the group (inclucling herself ) has to get someone else to check through
their work when they finish a major task and that, before any new or amended software
is handed over to the users, someone other than the original developer shouìd test it.
She sets up a simple system to record errors found in system testing and their resolution.
She also creates a log file of reported user problems with operational systems.
Brigette does not worry about timesheets but arranges an infbrmal meeting with her
colleagues each Monday morning to discuss how things are going and also arranges to
see the vice-principal, who is her official boss, and the heads of the finance and human
resources sections each month to review progress in general terms.
Step 2.3: ldentify proiect team organization
Someof these Project leaders, especially in the case of large projects, nright have -;il;;äi' some control over the way that their project team is to be organized.
be discussed in Often, though, the organizational structure will be dictated to them.
Chapter 12 on For example, a high-level managerial decision mi¡;ht have been tal<en
working in teams. that software developers and business analysts will be in differerrt
groups, or that the development of business-to-consumer web applications


lf the project leader does have some control over the project team organization then
this would best be considered at a later stage (see Step 7: Allocate resources).
^
t IOE, there are groups of business analysts set up as teams which deal with
fLinctividual nser clepartments. Hence the users always know whom they should
contact within the information systems department if they have a problem. Software
developers, however, work in a 'pool' and are allocated to specific projects on an
ad hoc basis.
At Brightmouth College, a software developer has been secorrded to Brigette from
the technicians supporting the compr.rting courses in the college. She is also allowed to
recruit a trainee analyst/prograrnmer. She is not unduly worried about the organizational
structure needed.
3.5 Step 3: Analyse pro¡ect characteristics
Chapter 4 elaborates
on the process of
analysing project
chara cteristics.
T
he general purpose of this part of the plarrning operation is to ensltre
that the appropriate methods are used for the project.
Step 3.1: Distinguish the proiect as either obiective- or
product-driven
lhis has already been discr¡ssed in the first chapter. As developmerrt of a system advances
ittencls to lrecome more product-driven, although tlre underlying objectives always remain
and must be respected.
Step 3.2: Analyse other pro¡ect characteristics (including
qual¡ty-based ones)
For example, is an informatiorr system to be developecl or a process control systenr, or
will there be elements of both? Will the system be safety critical, wlrere hum¿rn life could
be tlrreiltened by a malfunction?
Step 3.3: ldentify high-level proiect risks
Consideration must be given to the risks that threaterr the sr¡ccessful or¡tcome of
the project. Cerrerally spealcing, most risks can be attributed to the operational or
developmerrt errvirorrnrent, the techrrical nature of the project or the type of product
being createcl.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: PR0JECT 0RGANIZATI0N o
3.5 Step 3: Analyse project character¡st¡cs 59
\ A I" have already noted that Amanda has raised concerns about the possibility
V V that engineers lack the motivation to complete with due care and attention the
cost details for jobs done under annual contracts. Anotìrer risk relates to the software
lìrnctionality which will produce cost analysis reports used for the future pricing of
annual contracts. If the analysis is incorrect IOE coulcl suffer financially. Amanda decides
therefore that the analysis ftinctionaìity will be produced using an iterative approach
where an IOE marketing analyst will look at versions of the reports produced and suggest
improvements to the methods of calculation and presentation before the system is finally
made operational.
Brigette at Brightmouth College considers the application area to be very well defined.
There is a risk, however, that there may be no package on the market that caters for the
way that things are done at the moment. Brigette, therefore, decicles that an early task in
the project is to obtain information about the features of the main payroll packages that
are available.
Step 3.4: Take into account user requ¡rements concern¡ng
implementation
The clients may have their own procedural requirenrerrts. For example, arr organization
might nrandate the use of a particr-rlar development method.
Step 3.5: Select development methodology and life-cycle approach
l-he development methodology and project life cycle to be used for the project will be
influenced by the issues raisecl above. The idea of a methodology, that is, the group
of methods to be use<J in a project, was discussed in Chapter 1 . For many software
developers, the choice of methods will seern obvious: they will use the ones that they
have always used in the past. ln Chapter 4 we recommend caution in assuming that
the current project is really similar to previous ones.
As well as the metlrocls to be r-rsed, there are generic ways of
Chapter4discusses structuling projects, such as the use of the waterfall life cycle outlined
life cycles in in Chapter 4, that need to be consideted. While the setting of objectives
more delail. involves identifying the problems to be solved, this part of planrring is
working out the ways in which these problems are to be solvecl. For a
project that is novel to the planner, some research into tlre methods typically used in
the problem clomain is worthwhile. For example, sometimes, as part of a project, a
questionnaire survey has to be conducted. l-here are lots of books on the techniques
used in such snrveys and a wise move would be to look at orìe or two of them at the
planning stage.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: HIGH-LEVEL RISKS o
60 Chapter 3 An overview of project planning
Chapter 5 goes ¡nto
more detail on this
topic. Function
po¡nts are an
attemptto measure
system size without
using lines of code.
Step 3.6: Review overall resource est¡mates
once the major risks have been identified arrd the broad project approach
has been clecided upon, this would be a good pç¡int at which to re-estimate
the effort ancl other resources requirecl to implement the project. Where
enough information is available an estimate basecl on function points might
be appropriate.
3.6 Step 4: ldentify pro¡ect products and activiti

T
he more detailecl planning of the inclividual activities now takes place. The longer-term
planning is broacl and in outline, while the more immediate tasks are planned in
some detail
Step 4.1: ldentify and describe proiect products {or deliverables}
ln general, there can be no project products that do not have activities that create them.
Wlrerever possible, we ought also to ensure the reverse: that there are tlo activities that
clo not procluce a tan¡;ible procluct. lclentifying all the tlrings the project is to create
lrelps us to ensure that all the activities we need to carry out are accounted for' Some
of these proclucts will be handed over to the client at the end of the project - these are
fleliverables. Other proclucts might not be in the firral configurtltion, but are needecl as
intermefliate products usecl in the process of creating the deliver¿rbles.
These proclucts will include a lar¡4e number ol technical products, such as trarinin¡¡
nraterial ancl operatin¡4 instructions. There will also l:e products to clo with the
management and the quality of the project. Plarrning documents woulcl, for example,
be mana¡lement products.
The procJucts will form a l-rierarchy. The main products will have sets of componellt
products which in turn may have sub-component products and so on. Tlrese relationships
can be documented in a Procluct Breakclown Structure (PBS)- see Figr.rre 3.2. ln this
exanrple the products lrave been grouped into those relating to the system as a whole,
ancl those related to individual moclules. A third 'group', which happens to have only one
product, is callecl 'managemerrt products'and consists of pro¡;ress reports. The asterisk irr
tlre progress reports inclicates that there will be new instances of the entity 'progress report'
created repeatedly throughout the project.
Note that in Figure 3.2 the orrly boxes that represent tangible products
pRlNcE2 suggests a_re those at the bottom of the hìerarchy that are not further subdivided.
ih;iï;i,B'd;;- Thus there are only six irrdividual product types shown in the diagram.
;;;;;; The boxes that are higher up - for example 'module products'- are simply
hierarchy diagram. the names of grolrps of itenrs.
ln practice it may be Sorne products ¿rre created from scratch, for example lrew software
more convenientto components. A procluct could quite easily be a document, such as a
.pro.ducl3 . soltware design clocument. lt might be a modified version of something that
structured list' alreacly exists, sr-rclr o, n,.' o."nied piece of cocle. A prodr.rct coulcJ even lre
Tested
integrated
software
lntegration
test cases
Overall
specification
Progress*
report
Module
code
Module
design
documents
Management
products
Module
products
System
products
Project
products
3.6 Step 4: ldentify project products and activit¡es 61
FIGURE3.2 AfragmentofaProductBreakdownStructureforasystemdevelopmenttask
* indicatos thatfurther progress reports can be added during the course ofthe project.
a person/ such as a 'trained user/, a product of the process of training. Always remember
that a product is the result of an activity. A common error is to identify as products
things that are really activities, such as 'training', 'design'and 'testing'. Specifying
'documentation' as a product should also be avoided - by itself this term is just too vague.
This part of the planning process draws heavily on the standards laid down in
PRINCE2. These specify that products at the bottom of the PBS should be documented
by Product Descriptions which contain:
r the name/identity of the product;
o the purpose of the product;
. the derivation of the product (that is, the other products from which it is derived);
o the composition of the product;
¡ the farm of the product;
r the relevant standards;
. the quality criteria that define whether the product is acceptable.
At Brightmouth College, Brigette has decided that the finance department at the college
should carry out acceptance testing of the new payroll system. This type of testing ensures
that the application has been set up in a way that allows the users to carry out their jobs
accurately using the new system. As the finance department staff are not sure what test
case documents should look like, Brigette draws up a product description of a


62 Chapter 3 An overview of project planning
A t IOE, Amanda finds that there is a standard PBS that she can use as a checklist for
,( \her own project.
Brigette at Brightmouth College has no installation standard PBS, although she can,
of course, refer to various books I'or standard checklists. She decides that one part of the
PBS should contain the products needed to help select the appropriate hardware and
software for the payroll application (Figure 3.3).
F|GURE3.3 AproductBreakdownStructure(PBslfortheproductsneededtoproduceaninvitationtotender(lTT)
Step 4.2: Document gener¡c product flows
Some proclucts will neecl one or more other products to exist first before tn::jo^t^1::t',:t't ,l',uy .un be created. For example, ¡ì progr¿ìm desig,n must be created before
00cumenrs, rn ,r'"i,ini'-åiiìr. tlre program can be written arrd the program specification must exist before
i;;;ðí,;pi.;ii;;; the design can be commerrced. These relatiorrships can be portrayed in a
the piofect.. product Flow Diagram (PFD). Figure 3.4 gives an example. Note that tlre
'flow' in the cliagram is assumed to be from top to bottom and left to right.
ln the example in Figure 3.4,'user requirements'is in atr oval which means that it is used
by the project but is not createcl by it. lt is often convenient to identify an overall product
at the bottom of the diagram, in tlris case 'integrated/testecJ software', irlto which all the
other products feed.
PFDs shoulcl not h¿rve links between products which loop back iteratively. This is
emphatically notbecause iteratiorls are not recognized. On the contrary, the PFD allows
for looping, bacl< at any point. For example, in the PFD showrr in Fig,ure 3.4, say that
during integration testing it was found that a r¡ser requirement hacl been missed in the
overall system specification. lf we go back to overall system specification and change it we
can see from the PFD that all the products that follow it might need to be reworked. A new


uirements
Users'
modifìed
descri on
Existing
system examples
Test
Volume
figu res
User
requirements
Office
layouts
lnv¡tâtion
to tender
su ers
List of
potential
Selection
pr

tested software
Module code
lntegrat¡on
system test cases
Module
design
Overall system
specification
User


FIGURE 3.4 A fragment of a Product Flow Diagram (PFD) for a software developmenttask
module might need to be designed and coded, test cases would need to be added to check
thatthe new requirements had been successfully incorporated, and the integration testing
would need to be repeated.
The form that a PFD takes will depend on assumptions and decisions about how the
project is to be carried out. These decisions may not be obvious from the PFD and so a
textual description explaining the reasons for the structure can be helpful.
t IOE, Amanda has an installation standard PFD for software development projects. AThis is because a recognized software development method is used which lays
down a sequence ofdocuments that have to be produced. This sequence ofproducts
can be straightforwardly documented as a PFD.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: IOE HAS STANDARD PFD o
J-lraw up a possible Product Flow Diagram (PFD) based on the Product Breakdown
L/Structure (PBS) shown in Figure 3.3. This identifies some of the prod.ucts of the
Brightmouth payroll project, particularly those generated when gathering information to
be presented to potential suppliers of the hardware as part of an 'invitation to tender'. The
volume figures are such things as the number of employees for whom records will have to
be maintained.
EXERCISE 3.3
64 Chapter 3 An overview of project planning
This may be delayed
to later in the project
when more
information is
known.
Step 4.3: Recognize product instances
Where the same generic PFD fragment relates to more than one instance of
a particular type of product, an attempt should be made to identify each of
those instances. ln the example in Figure 3.2, it could be that in fact there
are just two component software modules in the software to be built.
Step 4.4: Produce idealactivity network
ln orcler to generate one product from another there must be one or more activitíes that
carry out the transformation. By identifying these activities we can create an activity
network which shows the tasks that have to be carried out and the order in which they
have to be executed.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: ACTIVITY NETWORK FOR IOE MAINTENANCE ACCOUNTS o
P
art of the initial activity network developed from the PFD in Figure 3.4 for the
software development task might look like Figure 3.5.
Code
module B
Design
module B
Specify
overal I
system
Code
module A
Design
module A
Test
integrated
software
Design
integration



 an activity network for the Prodnct Flow Diagram that yor.r created in Exercise
lul g.z (or the PFf) giverr in the solution if you prefer!).


Tlre activity networks are 'ideal' in the sense that no account lras been tal<en of resource
cor'ìstraints. For example, in Figure 3.5, it is assumed that resources are available for both
software nrodules to be developed in parallel. A good rule is that activity networks are
never amended to tal(e accour'ìt of resource constraints.
Step 4.5: Modify the ideal to take into account need for stages
and checkpo¡nts
The approaclr to sequencirr¡; activities described above encourages the formulation of a
plarr which will minimize the overall duration, or'elapsed time', for the project. lt assunres
that an activity will start as soon as the preceding, ones uporr which it depends have been
completed.
Strictlv. a milestone l'here might, however, be a need to modify this by cJividing the project
:"''ì " - ""'-::-j. " rnto stages and introducirrg checl<point activities. These are activities which
rs a dummv act¡v¡tv
*i f, ,.,, lrrä,ìrr rnå, draw together the products of preceding activities to check that they are
indicatesthe startor compatible. This could potentially delay work on some elements of the
end of a group of project * there has to be a trade-off between efficiency and quality.
act¡vities. The The people to whom the project manager reports could decide to leave
milestonewould the routine monitoring of activities to the project manager. However,
therefore b.e a.fter there cor¡ld be some key activities, or milestones, which represent the
the checkpoint completion of important stages of the project of which they would want to activlty'
tal<e particular note. Checkpoint activities are often useful milestones.
3.7 Step 5: Estimate effort for each activity
Step 5.1: Carry out bottom-up est¡mates
Some overallestimates of effort, cost and duration will already have been done (see
Step 3.6).
At this point, estinrates of the staff effort required, the probable elapsed
ChapterSon time and the non-staff resources needed for each activity will need to be
software effort produced. the method of arriving at each of these estimates will vary
estimat¡on deals clepending, on the type of activity.
withthistopic in rhe cliffererrce between elapsed time anc)effortshould be noted. Êffort moredetail' is the amountofwork that needs to beclone. If a task requires three
Jn the example in Figure 3.5, it has been decicled that the clesigns for modules A ancl B are
Ito b" checkecl fbr consistency by 'dry-running' them against the integration test cases
before cornmittirrg staff to soflware coding. Redraw the activity netwolk to reflect this.
EXERCISE 3.5
66 Chapter 3 An overview of project planning
members of staff to work for two full clays each, the effort expended is six days. Elapsed
time is the time between the start and end of a tasl<. In our example above, if the three
members of staff start and finish at the same time then the elapsed time for the activity
would be two days.
fhe inflividual activity estimates of effort should be sr-rmnted to $et an overall
bottom,up estimate which can be recorrciled with the previous top-down estimate'
The activities on the activity networl< can be annotated with their elapsed times so
that the overall duration of the project can be calculated'
Step 5.2: Revise plan to create controllable activities
1-he estimates for indivicJual ¿lctivities could reveal that some are going to tal<e quite a
long time. Long activities make a project difficult to control. lf an activity involving system
testi¡g is to take 12 weeks, it would be difficult after six weel<s to judge accurately whether
50 per cent of the worl< is cornpleted. lt would be better to break this clown into a series of
smaller subtasl<s.
^
t IOE. Amanda has to estimate the lines of code for each of the software modules.
lt\,St "
looks at programs that have been cocled for si¡nilar types of application at IOE
in the past to get some idea of the size of the new modules. She then refers to some
conversion tables that the information systems clevelopment department at IOE have
produced which convert the lines of code into estimates of effort. Other tables allow her
to allocate the estimated effort to the various stages of the proiect'
Although Brigette is aware that some adclitional programs rnight have to be written to
cleal with local requirements, the main software is to be obtained 'off the shelf' and so
estimating based on lines of code woulcl clearly be inappropriate. Instead, she looks at
each inclividual task and allocates a time. She realizes that in many cases these represent
'targets' as she is uncertain at the moment how long these tasks will really take (see
Step 6 below).
There might be a number of activities that are important, but indivicfi-¡ally take L¡p very
little time. For a training course, there might be a need to bool< rooms ancl equipment,
notify those attencling, register str-rdents on the training system, order refreshments, copy
trairring materials ancl so on. In a situatiorr like this it would be easier to bunclle the
activities irrto a single mergecJ act¡vity 'make traininfl coLtrse arrangements'which coulcl
be supplemented with a checl<list.
Irr gerreral, try to nrake activities abor-rt the length of the re¡lorting period trsed for
monitoring and controlling the project. lf yor-r have a progress meeting every two weel<s, thert
it woulil converrient to have activities of two weel<s'cluratiotl on average, so that progress
meetings woulcl normally be made aware of completed tasks each time they 

3.8 Step 6: ldentify activity risks
Step 6.1: ldentify and quant¡fy activity-based risks
êL^-.^_, ^_ _:^,_ Risks inherent in the overall nature of the project have already been
unapter / 0n nsK
*r.'r,årrrrüriãp¡, considered irr Step 3. We now want to look at each activity in turn and
in more detail. assess the rísks to its successful outcome. Any plan is always based on
certailr assumptions. Say the design of a component is planned to take
five days. This is based on the assumption that the client's requirement is clear and
unambiguous. lf it is not then additional effort to clarify the requirement would be needed
The possibility that an assumption upon which a plan is based is incorrect constitutes a
risk. ln this example, one way of expressing the uncertainty would be to express the
estimate of effort as a range of values.
As will be seen in Chapter 7, a simple way of dealing with uncertainty is to have
a 'most likely'estimate for where everything works with no problems (such as users
changing their requirements) and a second estimate that includes a safety margin so
that it has an estimated 95 per cent chance of being met.
A project plan will be based on a huge number of assumptions, and so some way of
picking out the risks that are most important is needed. The damage that each risl< could
cause and the likelihood of it occurring have to be gauged. l-his assessnrent can draw
attention to the most serious risl<s. The usual effect if a problem materializes is to make
the task longer or more costly.
Step 6.2: Plan risk reduction and contingency measures where appropr¡ate
It may be possible to avoid or at least reduce some of the identified risks. On the other
hand, contingency p/ans specify action that is to be taken if a risk materializes. For
example, a contingency plan could be to use contract staff if a member of the project
team is unavailable at a key time because of serious illness.
Step 6.3: Adjust overall plans and est¡mates to take account of risks
We may change our plans, perhaps by adding new activities which reduce risks. For
example, a new programming language might mean we schedule training courses
and time for the programmers to practise their new programming skills on some
non-essential work.
CASE SïUDY EXAMPLES: IDENTIFYING RISKS o
I s well as the new software modules that will have to be written, Amanda has
.,( \identified several existing modules that will need to be amended. The ease with
which the modules can be amended will depend upon the way that they were originally
written. There is therefore a risk that they may take longer than expected to modify.
68 Chapter 3 An overview of proiect planning
Amanda takes no risk recluction measrlres as such but notes a pessimistic elapsecl time
fbr the amendment activity.
Brigette identifies as a risk the possible absence of key staff when investigating the
user requirements, as this activity will take place over the holiday period. To reduce this
risk, she aclcls a new activity, 'arrange user interviews', at the beginning of the project.
This will give her advance notice of any likely problems of this nature.
3.9 Step 7: Allocate tesources
Chapter 8 on
resource allocation
covers this topic in
more detail.
Step 7.1: Identify and allocate resources
l-he ty¡re of staff neeclecl for each activity is recorded' The staff
availaltle for the project are icJentifiecl and are provisionally allocated
to tasl<s.
Step 7.2: Revise plans and est¡mates to take into account resource
constra¡nts
Some st¿lff nray be neecled for more tharr one task at the s¿lme time and, in this case, an
order of priority is established. The decisions m¿rcle here may have atr effect on the overall
duration of the project when some t¿rsks are delayed while waiting for staff
to become free.
Ganttchartsare Ensurirrg sonleone ìs available to start work on an activity as soorl as
named after Henry tlre precedirrg activities lrave been completer.l might ntean that they are
Gantt and 'Gantt' iclle while waitirrg, for the job to start ¿lnd are therefore usecl inefficiently.
shouldtherefore not Tlre product of Steps 7.1 ancl 7.2 woulcJ typically þe a Cìantt chart -
be written.in capita.l see Fig,r-rre 3.6. T'he Cantt chart gives a cleilr picturre of when activrties will
lt$ttt lt ti],:'_tod ,.trloùy tal<e place ancl highlights which ones will be executecl at the same torsomeÏnlngl time. Activity tretworl<s catr be nrisleadin¡; irr tlris respect.
Amanda has now identified three new major software modules plus an existing software
module that will neecl extensive amendment. At IOE the specification of modules is
carried out by the lead systems analyst for the project (who in this case is Amancla)
assisted by junior analyst/clesigners. Four analyst/programmers are available to caüy
out the design, coding and unit testing of the individual modules. After careful
consi{eration and discussion with her manager, Amanda clecides to use only three
analyst/programmers so as to minimize the risk of staff waiting betweerr tasks and thus


o
software
I
Avrll r
Code module B LE
Avrll t
Design module B b
!rreo Code module A I
E Fre, Design module A
I Devise integration rane
test cases
I Specify overall rane
syst


tep 8.1: Review qual¡ty aspects of the pro¡ect plan
A danger when controlling any project is that an activity can reveal that an earlier
activity was not properly completed and needs to be reworked. This, at a stroke, can
transform a project that appears to be progressing satisfactorily into one that is badly
out of control. lt is important to know that when a task is reported as completed, it
really is - hence the importance of quality reviews. Each task should have quality
criteria. These are quality che

manda finds that at IOE, the Quality Standards and Procedures Manual lays down
ll,quality criteria for each type of task. For example, all module design documentation
for any group of modules that interact with one another has to be reviewed by a group
of colleagues before the coding can commence. This is to reduce the likelihood of
integration problems when the components are

an activity to her plan to deal with this.
Step 8.2: Document plans and obtain agreement
It is important that the plans be carefully documented and that all the parties to the project
understand and agree to the commitments required of them in the plan. This may sound
obvious, but it is amazing how often this is not done. Chapter 12 describes the use of a
communications plan to ensure appropriate communications between stakeholders at the
right points in the project.
3.11 Steps 9 and 10: Execute plan/lower levels of planning
nce the project is under way, plans will need to be drawn up in greater detail for
each activity as it becomes due. Detailed planrring of the later stages will need
to be delayed because more information will be available nearer the start of the stage.
Of course, it is necessary to mal<e provisional plans for the more distant tasl<s, because
thinking about what needs to be done carr help unearth potential probrlems, but sight
should not be lost of the fact that these plans are provisional.
CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: IOE EXISTING OUALITY STANDARDS o
-lJ rigette has no installation standards to help her apart from the minimal ones she has
-fDwritten herself. What quality checks migh

CASE STUDY EXAMPLES: LOWER.LEVEL PLANNING o
3.13 Further exercises 71
\ /\ /hile work is going on with the specification of the individual modules, Amanda
V V has some time to start planning the integration tests in some detail. She finds that
one of the modules - the one that deals with recording job requests - does not actually
communicate directly with the other new modules and can therefore be reviewed
independently of the others. She schedules an earlier review of this module as this
allows coding of the module to be started earlier.
When Brigette comes to consider the activity 'draft invitation to tender', she has to
familiarize herself with the detailed institutional rules and procedtues that govern this
process. She finds that in order to draft this document she will need to obtain some
additional pieces of information from the users.
3.12 Gonclusion
fhis chapter has presented a framework into which the techniques described in the
I other parts of the book should slot. lt is suggested that any planning approach should
have the following elements:
r the establishment of project objectives;
r the analysis of the characteristics of the project;
r the establishment of an infrastructure consisting of an appropriate organization and set
of standards, methods ancl tools;
r the identification of the products of the proj ect and the activities neecled to generate
those prodr-rcts;
r the allocation of resources lo activities;
r the establishment of quality corrtrols.
Project planning is an iterative process. As the time approaches for particular activities to
be carried out they should be replanned in more detail.
3.13 Further exerc¡ses
1 List the products created by the Step Wise planning process.
2 What products must exist before the activity 'test program' can take place? What
products does this activ¡ty create?
3 An employee of a training or¡;anization has the tasl< of creating case study exercises
and solr-rtions for a training course which teaches a new systems arralysis ancl desigrr
methocl. The person's worl< plan has a three-week task'learn new method'. A colleague
72 ChapterS An overview of project planning
suggests that this is unsatisfactory as a task as there are no concrete deliverables or
products from the activity. What can be done about this?
4 ln order to carry out usability tests for a new word processing package, the software has
to be written and debugged. User instructions have to be available describing how the
package ís to be used. These have to be scrutinized in order to plan and design the
tests. Subjects who will use the package in the tests will need to be selected. As part of
this selection process, they wíll have to complete a questionnaire giving details of their
past experience of, and training ín, typing and using word processing packages. The
subjects will carry out the required tasks using the word processing package. The tasks
will be timed and any problems the subjects encounter with the package will be noted.
After the test, the subjects will complete another questionnaire about what they felt
about the package. All the data from the tests will be analysed and a report containing
recommendations for changes to the package will be drawn up. Draw up a Product
Breakdown Structure, a Product Flow Diagram and a preliminary activity network for
the above.
5 Question 4 in the further exercises for Chapter 1 refers to a scenario relating to a
training exercise. Using that scenario, draw up a Product Breakdown Structure, a
Product Flow Diagram and a preliminary activity network
